Add examples of webhook templates (#2827)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-webhook-template.adoc

. Optional: Enter the description and audit comment.
. Assign organizations and locations.
. Click *Submit*.

.Examples

> When creating a webhook template, it is important to follow the format of the target application that the template is made for.

Reviewer: maybe "..., you have to follow..."?

> For example, application can expect a `"text"` field with the webhook message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, your third-party application can expect a `"text"` field with the webhook message.
```
alternative: "an application"

Refer to the documentation of your target application to find more about how your webhook template format should look like.

> Example 1::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example "running remote execution jobs"::
```

Author: Since it is already under **Examples** I omitted the word "Example" from here altogether. Does that work?

Reviewer: Even better!

> This webhook template carries a message with id and result of a remote execution job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This webhook template contains a message with the ID and result of a remote execution job.
```

Reviewer: Hmm, on second thought: the template does not actually contain a message. instead, it's the blueprint for the payload of the API call that Foreman makes. So maybe "the template defines the message that {Project} sends ..."?

The webhook which uses this template can be subscribed to events such as `Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Succeeded` or `Actions Remote Execution Run Host Job Failed`.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
{
    "text": "job invocation <%= @object.job_invocation_id %> finished with result <%= @object.task.result %>"
}
----

> Example 2::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example "creating users"::
```

This webhook template carries a message with login and email of a created user.

> The webhook which uses this template should be subscribed to the `User Created` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this template to subscribe a webhook to the `User Created` event.
```
